The piece that
we’re looking for,
I remember what it does.
INFLUX believes it can create
a kind of map
showing the location
of every piece.
(power surging)
FINOLA:
Orbital is weaponizing
the Debris.
-Are you ready?
-Okay.
FINOLA:
We thought we were in control,
but we are in the presence
of something bigger,
the ball of light.
GEORGE: The race for Debris
and the power that it holds,
it could end here.
MAN: George identified
the location of the piece.
(exhales)
(engine starts)
-(car bell dings)
-(crowd chatters)
* (theme)
-(phone rings)
-BRYAN: Maddox. Hey.
MADDOX (on phone):
Anson Ash escaped
from the black site.
-How?
-Killed a guard,
jacked himself
with a defibrillator
and teleported out.
We got some X-rays
from the prison last night.
Bryan, he has shards of Debris
all through his body.
BRYAN:
Were they experimenting
on themselves?
Our guys think
he ingested them,
and they phased
into different organs.
I tried to get
a read through CCTV,
get a pin on where he went.
-I wanted you to know.
-BRYAN: Great.
All right, listen,
I gotta go. I’ll be in touch.
BRYAN: Thanks.
Maddox.
INFLUX.
I just don’t want
my father to be running
and hiding
for his whole life.
As long as they’re out there,
he will never be safe.
I just thought, with his
ideas behind us, that...
...um, that we would be able
to stop INFLUX.
Anson being in prison
was a good start.
We are going to protect
your father for as long
as it takes.
I hope.
(bird twittering)
(door opens)
Let’s go!
We have to leave!
Dad, what are you wearing?
Protection for the radiation
from the radio waves.
I was working on the antennas.
(Finola, indistinct)
We have to leave!
I’ve got the coordinates
for the mapmaker,
but the signal’s getting weaker.
We-- We have to leave.
I guess we’re leaving.
(engine starts)
Are you okay?
Yeah. Yes, I’m fine.
GEORGE: Take a left here.
We’re getting closer.
(device beeping)
(car stereo blaring)
What’s going on here?
(beeping increases)
Who are these people?
GEORGE:
That’s a very good question.
They’re all facing east.
Hello. Can you hear me?
-Hi.
-BRYAN: Hello.
FINOLA: This is
like what happened to
the techs at the warehouse.
(device scanning)
Low.
Huh.
You said this was
a "map maker" piece, George,
a piece you might not even
notice you had.
This isn’t map making.
And now we’re standing
out here with no suits.
It’s too late for suits.
The suits wouldn’t be
of any use anyway.
They weren’t designed
for this type of Debris.
These-- These people
were brought here.
They came by car, so presumably,
they were affected
before they even got here.
But somehow they knew
to be here.
This Debris could be affecting
people 20 miles around.
And we were done the minute
we hit the parking lot.
So will the same
thing happen to us?
I don’t know.
The techs started dying
two hours after exposure.
Dad. Dad!
The only way to find out
is to keep moving forward.
We have to find the Debris.
We have to examine it.
I need to look at it.
BRYAN: Hey!
I can feel it, an energy.
Can you? I can feel it.
(laughs)
(laughter grows)
What is this?
It’s emotional convergence.
BRYAN:
What does that mean?
Come on! No! Come on!
-(all shouting)
-Hey! What are we gonna do?
(George chuckles)
(shouting continues)
It’s beautiful!
(screams)
(shouting stops)
-Devin Reece.
-Two E’s?
-Two E’s.
-All right. Got it.
So these people are affected
but somehow we’re not?
Are we saying that the Debris
is just selecting people
for its own purposes?
I don’t know. But it seems
like we’re entering
some sort of new phase.
(inhales)
Whoo!
That one smelled like vanilla.
This smells like baby diapers.
Almost as bad as
the tech section on the plane.
You mean
your side of the plane?
Almost.
-Mercedes Russell.
Can I ask you a question?
FINOLA:
Yeah.
It might sting a bit.
Wow. That sounds ominous.
We’re putting all of our faith
in your father,
and he was reanimated
through his eye.
They restarted his brain,
and he can’t remember
where he was six months ago.
(device beeping)
He can’t remember
why Maddox wants him dead.
He’s marching around
in his tined foil cape;
his memory’s foggy at best.
Just doesn’t feel right.
He could be wrong
about all of it.
Maybe they told him something,
and he just doesn’t remember it.
That’s dangerous.
All I know is that they
brought him back to find it.
So it must be important.
(device beeping rapidly)
(all cheering)
You...
are...
Dario.
You are Dario.
I...
am...
Mom.
I am Mom.
LINDA:
Hi, Julia.
Hey, Linda. Thanks for going.
You know what? Just leave
those. I’ll deal with them.
Okay. I’m just going
to put the next load in.
IRINA:
Nice car.
I almost left.
No, you didn’t.
(Irina speaks native language)
(man speaks native language)
(Irina continues)
-(device beeps)
-(man speaks native language)
FINOLA: Take a look
at their social media profiles.
They all have
two things in common.
They all live
within 25 miles of here,
and they all have newborns.
Interesting.
BRYAN:
After becoming a parent,
you’re in a heightened emotional
state; emotionally raw.
Higher highs, lower lows,
the joy of having a child,
the postpartum depression,
and the fear
of getting it wrong.
So it’s seeking out people in
specific vulnerable emotional
states, studying them?
Trying to absorb them,
somehow.
Feeding off them emotionally.
What’s taking Otto so long?
You ready?
As I’ll ever be.
-What have you done?
-Let’s hit the road.
(engine starts)
FINOLA:
Yeah. They just keep coming.
Sometimes they’re unloading,
and sometimes they’re not.
It’s so strange.
It’s like it’s happening
in cycles.
We have to figure out
a way to shut this place
down and free these people.
I’ll get the N-Us
from the SUV,
we might be able to disrupt it.
Yes, and I’ll see
if I can recalibrate them.
Never forget
how much I love you.
MADDOX:
We’re good.
(case latches clicking)
You know I can’t let you leave
with that case, right?
I mean, you know that.
There’s another door
for you, Irina,
one only you can go through.
(device clicking)
Do you think you can
manipulate the N-Us?
Pretty soon others are going
to come looking for them, Dad.
They can ping cell phones,
and then get GPS on cars.
Police will be called,
and then the FBI...
and that leads to Orbital
and then Maddox.
I can’t let them find you, Dad.
The N-Us won’t work.
I didn’t think they would.
Well, let me tell Bryan.
I needed to distract Bryan
so that I can talk to you alone.
-Okay.
-There’s some things
you need to understand.
Try to move this.
You want me to touch it?
It’s okay. I just want
to demonstrate something
to you.
-It’s all right.
-No, Dad. Don’t.
This one won’t hurt us.
Come.
It’s all right.
GEORGE: Go ahead.
Yeah.
Although his piece of Debris
is relatively small.
It’s weight right now
at this moment,
because of the psychic
connection to those people
out there,
is that of a large building.
And it cannot be moved...
as long as their minds
are linked to it.
To get it out of here,
we have to sever the link
between the Debris
and those people.
This process will have
an adverse effect on them.
What kind of adverse effect?
Their memories will
be wiped completely.
And there’s nothing
you can do about it.
And you’re going to have
no choice but to allow it
to happen.
FINOLA:
Don’t we always have a choice?
-GEORGE: Hmm.
-I’ll figure out a way.
You are such
a compassionate person.
You always have been.
You’ve got so much
of your mother in you.
Oh. I’ll find a way.
I’ve done it before,
and I’ll do it again.
No, there’s no time.
What do you mean,
we don’t have time?
We’ve been here
well over two hours,
and they haven’t died
like the people
in the warehouse.
It’s not the same thing.
I mean, yes,
they’re being held,
but my instincts are good.
Dad, we can do this.
There’s no more time.
Why do you keep saying that?
Because INFLUX operatives
are almost here.
How could you possibly
know that?
Because I called them.
Why would you say that
you have called INFLUX?
I’m going to tell you
something that
at first you’re going
to wish I hadn’t.
-Dad!
-I took my life
to allow myself a rebirth,
and I paid the price.
I want you to know this.
That not one day goes by that--
that I don’t think of you
and your sister.
I want you to know this.
What are you talking about?
A rebirth?
That’s not what happened.
They did this to you.
You didn’t allow yourself
anything.
Remember that first night
in the hotel,
I told you that this was bigger
than you, me, your sister?
-Yes.
-And I told you I needed
the Laghari files to find this.
Yes. What does this have
to do with INFLUX?
If we can’t help people,
we do not deserve this Debris.
Okay. I came,
and and I found you.
Do you remember that?
Tell me that you remember that.
Look at me. Tell me
that you remember that.
You didn’t.
I knew you were coming.
You just came too early.
What are you saying?
What do you mean,
you knew?
This Debris has given me
more than even I expected.
Sweetheart,
you’ve seen it.
The U.S.has been weaponizing
the Debris.
So have other countries.
They cannot be trusted
to be the guardians
of this technology.
Putting it in the hands
of the people
so that they have the power
to resist governments
and use this technology
for good.
This is what we need to do.
No! What you are saying
is wrong.
Why are you talking
this way?
Bryan was right.
This isn’t a map-making
piece of Debris.
This piece,
in concert with others,
will enable the transformation
of the human mind
so that humanity can ascend
to a higher plane
of consciousness and thought.
Dad, this isn’t you.
I know you.
This isn’t you.
They have done something
to you.
-No.
-Oh my-- This isn’t you.
I have never lied
to you about what I believe
this Debris can give to us.
What have you done?
You never wanted to go
into the pool.
I had to throw you in,
and you kicked and screamed
and--
But you always did better
that way.
Nice to see you again.
(phone ringing)
(ringing continues)
(phone beeps)
-Bryan!
-Hello, Bryan.
Yes.
BRYAN: There are still
more people arriving.
Yes, yes. We have decided
against the N-U’s.
-It’s too dangerous.
-Then what can we do?
We’re gonna try
something else.
Let us know if there’s
any change in their behavior.
BRYAN: Okay.
-I was worried about you.
-Why? What did you see?
Nothing that’s clear.
Call it instinct.
What happened?
It’s active. Functioning.
A Telesphere was born yesterday.
Came from a pocket dimension
inside Orbital.
I think it’s birth may have
triggered the Debris.
Any idea with the sphere is now?
No. There’s been
no reports about it either.
LOEB:
You must be very proud.
You have the right to be.
Sometimes the world
gets a leader
that just defies it all.
He has something in mind,
something only he can see.
A visionary. Okay?
He knows what we could be,
what we would be,
and what we should be.
INFLUX.
Humanity.
I don’t want to kill you,
but I will if I have to.
How long will it take
for them to die?
How long’s a piece of string?
(device whirrs)
I’ll make it as quick
as I can.
Likely a brain hemorrhage.
No.
I want you
to turn it off slowly.
Ease them off the bottle.
Their minds
will still be wiped.
I want you to do that.
Things can be learned again.
(device whirrs)
The beans.
You have to ingest this.
It’ll provide you
with a protective envelope
against the effect.
It’ll prevent your mind
from being wiped.
There are at least
50 innocent people there.
This is the only way
to disengage them
from the Debris.
Turn it off,
so we can move it.
And what about Bryan?
He won’t be alone
in his sacrifice.
-You’re doing--
-I won’t lose you again.
(straining)
(indistinct)
(panting)
Stop this.
Just stop this!
Stop it.
I’m sorry.
(beeping)
Careful, careful, careful,
you cretin.
Careful,
the finesse of a butcher.
-Finola.
-Bryan.
I must say.
He’s a tough one, ain’t he?
Just stay down. Stay down.
They’re with INFLUX.
Otto, how does he even
know what day it is?
(winces)
Look at me, young man.
Look at me.
-(grunts)
-There.
See? I’m not going to hurt you.
How do you remember anything?
Why didn’t it affect you?
(chuckles)
I know who you are.
You’re the third man.
The third man!
Garcia, Ming, and you.
Leave him alone.
You did a wonderful job
in hiding your identity.
Who are you?
Let’s go.
It was wonderful meeting you.
FINOLA:
Why?
I can show you.
You belong with me.
No. No. I don’t.
Look at me.
Look into my eyes.
If I tell you that there are
things that you have no idea of,
that there are things
about Debris that I know,
things that I believe
that you need to know.
Tell me. Am I lying?
You belong with me,
your father.
My father,
died six months ago.
And you are not him.
This technology will be free.
Hey, you okay?
I don’t know.
I think so.
FINOLA: Who was that?
What was that all about?
When it all started falling...
I was injured in
a Debris event with Garcia,
and a Chinese agent named Ming.
I have been taking injections
for it,
as a precaution
to stave off something.
What? Stave off what?
They don’t know.
Maybe nothing.
This is the first time
that something
has happened because of it.
I’ve never seen that man
before in my life.
We need to tell Maddox
everything.
Yeah.
(engine revving)
OTTO: It would never have
worked out with that girl,
not in any iteration.
Linda, is everything okay?
What you still doing here?
Julia didn’t feel well
and went upstairs to take a nap.
Hey, Julia.
Julia?
Honey? Julia?
Craig.
It’s okay. It’s okay.
I almost did something
so stupid.
I almost did it.
It’s okay.
I’m here, you’ll be all right.
I can’t do this anymore.
-I know.
-Okay?
I need you to help me.
I want you to come with me.
(phone vibrates)
(humming, whiriring)
JULIA:
What is that?
Mom?
(gasping)
Oh, oh...
Oh, my God.
How?
Yes. Mom.
Mom. Oh, my God.
(sobbing)
You’ve had a long journey.
My name is Dahkeya.
INFLUX just obtained
the piece
in a quarry in Virginia.
Then it’s time.
Let’s begin.
(beep)
(digital warbling)